hi this is Justine and I just wanted to
share with you my experiment with k-cups
and recycling them using them for
planters or little little little caked
up pots here and pick them out I have
the coffee and the tea that was in them
I'm gonna put my recycling bin not
recycling me my husband and I have
planted a few of them here I have Nepal
Tomatoes stewed tomatoes German Giants I
have some red peppers that I saved the
seeds from from some pepper shrimp just
a grocery store and green chile peppers
which are the Anaheim TM our mix all
these are over 70 day germination until
you know maturity then over here I have
a few that I did that empty out I just
took the top off you know peeled off the
top of the cake ups and that's the
coffee and or tea in these and just put
a little bit of the jiffy mix soil mix
just the very top to help germinate the
seeds I'm thinking that this is going to
be much too acidic for the seeds but it
was an experiment and in that I just
briefly put down I have some more sue
Tomatoes I have the diary out there
tomatoes that clear pink early tomatoes
Anaheim TMR peppers again the fujian
purple which is an a current in the in
Sheryl pepper also and those that's what
I've planted so far now I've used in
them just so you can see the jiffy seeds
starting organic if you mix the
directions on this state I put the soil
in the Jiffy Pop things first then add
water and then add your seeds and water
again I find that is very messy because
the soil is very fluffy when you put it
in and yeah the water it tends to push
the water right out of the cake up so
what I did I took a good old standee
handy-dandy
Red Solo Cup filled it with the soil
added water right to this Cup mixed it
and then put it into the cake ups so
this is our first experiment I have as
you can see quite a few more here and
here too
at which I will start for next week it
is the date today it is February 26th of
2012 so it's a little early to start but
um I figured we just had our first snow
if you can see outside the garden out
there waiting to go little itchy without
first snow here and actually months so
hopefully we'll be ready to go um with
these Oh keep you updated if what
germinates and how it goes and how they
work out and if things don't work out I
have my just be and your regular handy
dandy you can't see them fine even
upside down the teapot we're going
p-pods
to go if I need them and also to
transplant them in later and can't
forget the Frog have a good day